# Mineral-identification-with-PyTorch
•	The aim of this study is to identify minerals in petrographic thin section images using deep learning.<br>
## Requirements:
•	Install python 3.6/newer, pytorch, scikit-image, opencv, tqdm, numpy, gdal. <br>
## Instruction:
•	The folder of *Mineral_boundary_extarction* is used to train and test our proposed boundary extarction network. Users can change the file paths and some hyperparameters in the code.<br><br>
•	The folder of *Mineral_identification* is used to train and test our proposed mineral identification network. The fusion strategy of integrating the PPL model and XPL model together using soft voting is also included in the test stage. Users can change the file paths and some hyperparameters in the code.<br>
## Data Loader:
•	In our program, csv files recording image paths of the training/testing dataset are needed.<br><br>
•	For the training of mineral boundary extraction network，two csv files are needed (the same as testing). The first one is organized as:<br>
PPL image file path1,mineral boundary label file path1<br>
PPL image file path2,mineral boundary label file path2<br>
..............<br><br>
The second one is organized as:<br>
XPL image file path1,mineral boundary label file path1<br>
XPL image file path2,mineral boundary label file path2<br>
..............<br>

•	For the training of mineral identification network，two csv files are needed (the same as testing). The first one is organized as:<br>
PPL/XPL image file path1,mineral category label file path1<br>
PPL/XPL image file path2,mineral category label file path2<br>
..............<br><br>
The second one is organized as:<br>
mineral boundary image file path1<br>
mineral boundary image file path2<br>
..............<br>
(The mineral boundary image is generated by the boundary extraction network)<br>
## Contact:<br>
sc20184@zju.edu.cn
